
Link to image for installing on sd card:

https://drive.google.com/file/d/132811KALMXDlxUa9jGZdCv1eB2lz09Ws/view?usp=sharing

Suggestions on getting started:

1.  If you have ground control up and running and your machine is calibrated...
1.a. Go into ground control and set one of the macros to the following command: B09 L1650 R1650 (this assumes you have a 10 foot beam
     and haven't changed the extend chain distance).  Once assigned, press the respective macro button and the sled should move to what
     I refer to as the 'default position'.  This is the position the sled would be in after your set the sprockets to vertical and
     extended the chains so you can attach the sled while you were calibrating the machine.
1.b.  Copy your groundcontrol.ini file to the computer that you will be using to communicate with webcontrol.  You'll be importing your
     groundcontrol.ini file into webcontrol to ease the transition.

2. Burn the iso to the sd card, add your wpa_supplicant/ssh files to boot, insert into RPI, power on and wait 3-5 minutes.

3. Browse to http://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:5001, where "xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx" is the IP address of the RPI.  This is WebMCP.

4. Press "Start WebControl".  You'll see a WebMCP message saying "Start WebControl" and after about 5 minutes or so (because it has to
   download webcontrol) you'll see a message that says "Started WebControl: something_in_hex".  After 10-15 seconds, you'll see watchdog
   messages from WebControl.. probably something about "connecting.. is not available or in use.."  That's basically saying that
   webcontrol can't connect to the controller because the port is not configured yet.

5.  Browse to xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:5000 and you should see a screen with a notice about being the first time run.


If you did step 1 (have a groundcontrol.ini file) do this:

6. Click Actions and under "Calibration/Setup" click "import groundcontrol.ini file".  Choose your groundcontrol.ini file and submit it.
   If all goes well, the file will be imported and webcontrol will connect to the controller using the correct port.  If it doesn't 
   connect, please let me know by posting an issue on github.  You can manually set the port by going to Settings->Maslow Settings and
   clicking the 'refresh' simple next to the port input to populate the list of found ports.  Select the port and then scroll to bottom
   and hit submit.

If you didn't do step 1 (i.e., need to start from scratch)

6.  Click Actions and under "Calibration/Setup" click "Quick Configure".  Then (and now that I think about this, I'll probably add this
    to quick configure) go to Settings->Maslow Settings and to the right of the list box for Serial Connection, there's a refresh button.
    Press it and list of ports will appear.  On my RPi, the correct port is /dev/ttyACM0.

If all goes well, you'll get connected and up and running and MAYBE an error about firmware being off.. though I don't think you will.
However, webcontrol expects a certain firmware that I've developed for optical calibration and though webcontrol works with stock
firmware (from what we can tell) you might see some spammy error messages from the controller regarding "Bad number value" or something
like that.  That's the controller saying that it received a setting it doesn't understand.  I'm looking to add in a way to avoid that
without breaking compatibility with ground control.

However, if you decide you want to stick with using webcontrol, you can update the firmware to my custom version by clicking Actions
then "Upgrade Firmware".  If you ever want to go back to the stock firmware, you need to use the arduino programmer and such.

IF YOU GET A "CANNOT FIND POSITION FOR CHAIN LENGTHS X, X" MESSAGE:

This is where we need some testing.  Ideally, you should be able to go between ground control and webcontrol without any issues if the
settings are all synced properly.  I *think* I've gotten it to that point, but I need other people to try out importing the 
groundcontrol.ini file and see if they get the same results.  If you got the message after importing groundcontrol.ini and you had moved
the sled to the default position using the macro, click "Clear" to clear the alarm and then go to Actions and click "Reset Chain
Lengths".  It will tell the controller that its at the default position and I think things will work.

Let me know what works, what doesn't work, and what's confusing.
